Now of course when we're building our image
we're going to need to inject a JAR file
that's been created by Spring Boot.
The nice thing about Spring Boot
it does give us an executable JAR to execute.
And I have a very simple web application
that has a simple H2 in-memory database
so nothing sexy here.
I wanted to give you a quick code review of this
and we'll run the application
just to see it running inside the IDE.
And get the build process.
And I'll show you the build artifact
that we want to deploy
into our Docker container.
So this is a very common process
but I'd want to give you a quick overview
of what we're gonna be running
inside the Docker container first.
(electronic music)